As previously mentioned, the subject of this project is Yahtzee. More specifically, 
the goal is to build a multiplayer version of Yahtzee that includes a GUI with 
interactions scalable to the number of players in the group. To ensure that this 
program will work properly, several different testing methods will be deployed. Due 
to the GUI serving as the sole way for user(s) to see the game progressing, one of 
the major functions in need of testing is the navigation between windows. Because 
the number of windows changes will depend on how many players are involved, an 
equivalently important function to test is the ability to pick how many players can 
play. This function connects a broader requirement that the game settings be 
customizable. Once the configurable aspect of this Yahtzee implementation is tested, 
the components that depend on user settings can be tested. These include both the size 
and roll count provided to the hand as well as the size of each player’s scorecard. 
While it is important that the functions already listed work, their working is of 
little importance if the players cannot see their progress through the game. Therefore, 
a final function that needs to be tested is whether individual components are in view 
throughout the course of the game. 

The testing of this project will evaluate the functionality and completeness of each 
required behavior listed above. Below there is a collection of the specific methods 
that will be utilized in pursuit of the complete state of this program. Generally, the 
unit testing will cover individual methods whereas integration testing will cover these 
methods combined into a class. System testing will ensure that the necessary classes work 
together in reaching the overall required specifications. Functional and performance 
testing are needed to determine whether the specific functional and non-functional 
requirements provided in the project plan are met. Finally, User acceptance testing will 
mostly be performed to catch bugs and test the overall operation of Yahtzee.
